Project: Linked List

Group Member Names: Aaron Weissman, Tim Garrity

Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project?

  Tim Garrity
    I am hoping to gain more understanding about javascript and css. I struggled until the last moment on my last project to find and implement all of the necessary information. Additionally, I hope to get work done early so that I can see what areas need to be worked on.   

  Aaron Weissman
    I want to be sure that I am really able to put in the time to not only get this project done into a later
    phase, but also to go back and clean up my code base so that it meets the style expectations. 

Goals and expectations; Tim Garrity-

  Goals:
    1. I would like to get to one of the more advanced stages if possible.
    2. Have the design of the site be flexible and mirror the comps near         near perfectly.
    3. To make something we can be proud of!
    4. To not die.

  Expectations:
    1. For both of us to share an equal amount of work.
    2. To complete the project :D
    3. Amiable and respectful of each other
    4. Be upfront if there are concerns

Goals and expectations; Aaron Weissman-

  Goals:
    1. I definitely want to have a great looking site that really matches the comp
    2. To have the functionality work in such a way that we do not have funky errors or glitches
    3. To make something usefull
    4. To get just a little bit of sleep this week

  Expectations:
    1. To find ways to work together and each lean on our strengths
    2. To complete the project into the later phases
    3. To enjoy the process as well as the result
    4. To communicate clearly and openly if issues arise, but to use that communication
      early on to hopefully avoid any to begin with.


Team strengths:
  Tim Garrity
    Strengths:
      Friendly
      Conflict Resolution
      Committed
      Forward
      Logic and Math
  Aaron Weissman
    Strengths:
      Competition
      Includer
      Strategic
      Context
      Positivity

Overcome Obstacles:
  Tim Garrity-
    It is helpful for me to talk any logical or idea based issues that we run into with our code. As far as interpersonal I strive to avoid issues between us by not letting it get to that point. If I feel like I need to say something to you I will. Please feel free to do the same thing for me.
  Aaron Weissman-
    I've been away this first weekend and I wish I could have put more time into this project. I promise to put in overtime this week to be sure I'm pulling my weight. Please tell me if you feel like you're taking on more burden than you should.

Schedule Expectations:
  Tim Garrity-
    * I work out everyday for about an hour to an hour and a half*
    * Night Owl*
    Friday 7th- available after class to start coding. I will look over Git
    Saturday- unavailable most of the day
    Sunday- ready to jump back in for an all day work day
    Mon-Thurs- available at all times out of schooling
  
  Aaron Weissman-
    I'm super flexible when it comes to this as long as I know ahead of time. I've got to do a morning walk for the pup, but other than that I don't have anything on the books once I'm back in Denver. So any night or morning, I'm happy to work. Likely both.

Communications Expectations:
  Tim Garrity:
    How often: Whenever you'd like! I will probably be messaging you a lot (with your permission of course.) Feel free to message me over slack or my phone @ 720-878-2106
  Aaron Weissman:
    Ya, we're good here. Reach out whenever. 339-221-1265.

Abilities Expectations:
  Tim Garrity:
    Technical Strengths:  My technical strength's with logic and math
    Technical Weakness:   I am completely new to coding so anything outside of broad concepts I need to investigate thoroughly
  Aaron Weissman
    Technical Strengths: I think I'm getting better at JavaScript... right until I have something specific I need to do.
    Technical Weakness: CSS.

Workload Expectations:
  Tim Garrity
    I am honestly not sure how to separate out different elements to work on at this time. As I mentioned above I just want to contribute the same amount as you do. (Meaning I can be a bit lazy but I am working busting out of that)
  Aaron Weissman:
    Don't stress it. We'll get it done by doing it together. Once we've been staring at the same code for a while, it should be pretty straightforward to find a way to split up the tasks. 

Workflow Expectations:
  Tim Garrity
    I am not sure on best practices here. I will let you know what I am working on and try to upload frequently so you can access the code. I think it will be good if we divide and conquer on elements then review each other's work for refactoring and using better ideas in the code.
  Aaron Weissman
    This sounds great to me. I think it would also be helpful to sit down together for a while (even if we're not working on the same part of the codebase) so that we can give and recieve instant feedback. 
    
Expectations for Giving and Receiving Feedback
  Tim Garrity
    Giving: I want to be effective in giving you feedback so feel free to let me know if you have a preferred communication style. I start though with: being courteous, using "I" words, explaining the issue I feel needs to be addressed, and then of course listening to any thing you have to say.
  Aaron Weissman
    It is incredibly difficult to offend me, so just tell me what's on your mind and I'll tell you what's on mine. 

Agenda to discuss project launch:
  Tim Garrity:
    -I would like to wireframe but I will need to see what you already have in    order to get a better idea of where we are heading.
    -I feel that getting a basic comp and then focusing on the javascript would be ideal. The composition seems difficult and may need extra effort.
  Aaron Weissman:
    -I think you may be better at the CSS side of things, and I may have a bit of a more fleshed out thought process when it comes to the JavaScript... maybe? This may be a great way to divide and conquer in a way where we won't have to do redundant work. 

Ideas:
  Tim Garrity:
    -Apparently we can use flex box or grid for this project.
  Aaron Weissman:
    -I think the list of links is going to need to be a for loop.
    -I also think we'll need to create placeholders for when there aren't any loops.
    -That element will need to sit inside a parent element that uses that scroll overflow setting
          -I'm imagining that the links will scroll on one side while the menu stays stagnant on the left side of the page.

Tools:
  -If Time feels comfortable using flexbox, I'm in.
  -The Internet is the tool I'll be using the most.

Additional Notes:
  Aaron Weissman:
    This isn't the ideal way for me to start a project and I apologize for that. Once I'm back to Denver, I'm really going to get to work on this and will work hard to be accomodating. I think we can crush this thing out and that our strengths will work well together. 






